# Last Days of Krypton

Jor-El looked over his hometown, possibly for the last time. He had attempted,
in vain, to convince the Science Council of Krypton's impending destruction. His
words had fallen on deaf ears. He was ridiculed and laughed off the Council.

Lara, his loving wife, approached from behind. "Is it ready?"

"Yes, it's finally ready, and just in time," he replied.

"Are you sure this planet, what was it called?"

"Earth"

"Earth. Are you sure this Earth will be a safe place for him?"

Jor-El sighed. How could anyone be sure of anything anymore?

He replied, "The atmosphere is breathable. The gravity is a bit less than it is
on Krypton. The dominant species on the planet have strikingly similar features
to our own. He can blend in as one of them."

"What about the sun? You seemed concerned about the yellow sun that orbits the
planet," she asked, with a bit of trepidation in her voice. "Are you certain it
won't harm him?"

"I'm as sure as I can be. I've run as many tests as I can, and I'm fairly
certain that he won't come to any harm. I'm not sure how prolonged exposure will
affect him," he hesitated. "But it's our best bet."

"Oh, Jor, What will become of him, without his parents?"

"I don't know, Lara," Jor-El said. "We can only hope someone will find his ship,
and raise him to be a good person."

Jor-El embraced his wife. He had been preparing for this for several months
now. He knew there was no hope for his planet, but he couldn't stand the thought
of his son never growing up to become the man he knew he could be. He prepared a
ship, just large enough to carry his newborn son, to a planet far away. He
didn't have the time to make preparations for he or Lara to escape. He scoured
the cosmos for a suitable planet. With his limited time, he was only able to
find one that had a suitable environment, and inhabited by an intelligent
species in which he might assimilate.

Despite his preparations, now that the moment was here, he wasn't sure that he
could do it. How could he send his only son out into the heavens, with so much
uncertainty about what might befall him? But then, he thought, how could he not?
How could he keep his dear little Kal-El on a doomed planet, where he would
certainly die?

Lara wiped the tear from his eye (had he been crying?) and said, "Let's get
Kal."

Together, they walked into Kal's nursery, to find their sweet baby peacefully
sleeping. Jor-El picked up his son, wrapped in a blanket which bore his family's
crest, the Kryptonian symbol for hope.

Jor-El carried his son into his lab, and placed him in the ship. It would
automatically carry him through a wormhole and land on Earth. It was programmed
to seek out an area of population, in hopes that he would be found and cared
for.

Lara bent down and kissed her son goodbye. Lara was a strong woman, but not
strong enough to hold back her tears. Jor-El put his arm around his wife as the
ship closed, and the ceiling opened. They watched as their only son blasted off
into the atmosphere, and beyond. They watched well after his ship was gone
beyond their sight.

They had only a few hours left before the tremors would begin. Those tremors
would conclude with their entire planet ripping itself apart. But at this
moment, none of that mattered to them anymore. They just stood there, in each
other's arms, and waited for their world to end.

